detroit-vclog(5) - generate changelogs using vclog for detroit
==============================================================

## DESCRIPTION

The VcLog plug-in for Detroit utilize the `vclog` command line tool
to generate nicely formated changelogs and/or history documents.


## OPTIONS

The following options can be used in the Detroit assembly file
for defining a vclog service.

  * `output` - Output is either a file name with a clear extension to infer
    the file format, or a list of such file names, or a hash mapping file name
    to file format. Recognized formats include `html`, `xml`, `atom`, `rss`,
    `json`, `yaml`, `rdoc`, `markdown` and `md`, `ansi`, `gnu` and `txt`.
    See EXAMPLES below.

  * `level` - Minimum change level to include. VCLog categorizes commits
     by level. This setting filters commits with a level lower than the
     figure given.

  * `rev` - Show revision numbers. Default is `false`.

  * `summary` - Show reduced detail. Default is `false`.

  * `title` - Some formats, such as +rdoc+, use a title field.
     Defaults to project title from project metadata.

  * `version` - The current version of the project. The default is extracted
    from project metadata.

  * `type` - Changelog layout type can be either `changelog` or `history`.
     If type is not given explicitly it will be infered from the name of
     the output file. Otherwise if defaults to +changelog+. 

  * `style` - Use external stylesheet. Some formats, namely `xml` and `html`,
    can use a stylesheet. Give the location of this file reltive to the output.


## Examples:

The simplist entry is

    vclog:
      output: HISTORY.rdoc

To produce multiple formats use a list.

    vclog:
      output:
        - log/CHANGES.md
        - log/HISTORY.md

If the extension is atypical use a mapping.

     vclog:
       output:
         HISTORY: markdown
         site/history.html: html

A fuller example might look something like this.

     vclog:
       rev: true
       level: -2
       output:
         - HISTORY.rdoc
         - CHANGELOG.rdoc
         - site/HISTORY.html


## COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2010 Thomas Sawyer, Rubyworks

Detroit VCLog is distributable in accordance with the GPL v.3 license.


## SEE ALSO

detroit(1), vclog(1)
